Update secure-score-improvement-action-details.png (#7930)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender/microsoft-secure-score-improvement-actions.md

To complete the action, you have a few options:

> - Select **Manage in Microsoft 365 Defender** to go the configuration screen and make the change. You'll then gain the points that the action is worth, visible in the fly out. Points generally take about 24 hours to update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Select **Manage in Microsoft 365 Defender** to go to the configuration screen and make the change. You'll then gain the points that the action is worth, visible in the flyout. Points generally take about 24 hours to update.
```
